hello again and welcome back today I'm
visiting my friends at the Midwest Otto
collection
he's the kind of guy that goes online
and looks maybe once twice a week for
the pinnacle of the rx-7 crop these cars
are kind of like unicorns what we have
here is a car that's almost a myth in
itself this could be a 93 rx-7
commercial what we're looking at today
is an all-original
phenomenally clean 1993 mazda rx-7 twin
turbo check this thing out
you
the menthe rx-7 wasn't just seen as a
cutting-edge performance machine it was
a significant component of a defining
moment for a new breed of world-class
Japanese supercars the 1993 Mazda rx-7
introduced the world to supercar
performance at sensible cost while
packing refinement and civility that
summit today's supercars still have yet
to replicate at the heart of the rx-7 is
a twin turbocharged 1.3 liter rotary
engine rated at 255 horsepower and
routed to a proper 5-speed manual a
rotary engines design provides for the
most fluid power delivery while turbo
charging boosts low-end torque while
supporting high-end horsepower to
experience the rx-7 from behind the
wheel is to know what a rare and exotic
automobile this really is the carbon
looking at here is a 1993 Mazda rx-7
touring finished in black over a black
leather interior this car is completely
original and looks runs and drives like
a brand new car
now upfront here is a rather unique
engine this is a two rotor twin
turbocharged rotary engine doesn't use
cylinders if you're curious as to how
these of work actually do a Google
search is pretty fascinating everything
under here is as it left the factory I
mean it really does look brand-new you
can see the entire structures totally
uncompromised there's no modifications a
lot of the rx-7 tend to be modified
because they are fast cars they make
great race cars but this particular car
I mean it's it's like it's been put in a
time capsule it has covered 22,000 miles
granted those had to be the lightest
22,000 miles I could possibly envision
all the stickers everything up here is
all correct but it really does look like
a brand new car I can't stress that
enough everything works great on it the
paint looks new it's all original as
well
no tree paints at all you know the car
really is as it left the factory in
gorgeous gorgeous condition just
illustrate again how clean this car is
just look at my reflection as I walk
down the side here you know there's no
damage or anything to speak of on the
car but the condition that black paint
really speaks volumes of where this car
is spent its whole life
I almost feel guilty sitting in here
that's how nice its leather is totally
solid it smells like a new car in here
even the floor mats look new I really
don't have anything to talk about
because it is as it left the factory
it's a new car but to hear this rotary
fire up go ahead and turn that clutch in
different sound from a different kind of
car not to mention one thing that's
really cool about these cars is this
shifter sure driven a Miata you'd know
what I mean but the rx-7 just has this
really well communicating shifter and
it's so timeless I cannot believe this
cars in 1993 the design is just it's
timeless it really is timeless it
doesn't show you know as if it's a 20
year old car ten year old car even a
five girl car at that and I'm sorry rx-8
just never replicated how awesome this
car really was this rx-7 is an
absolutely gorgeous condition and a
quick inspection confirms structurally
sound car with no evidence of any
previous accident history nor any
indications that the cars ever been
abused this cart is so clean it's as if
the forces of nature have completely
ignored its existence in the rear the
quarter panels are still as they left
the factory and all factory welds are
intact under the hood plus there's no
indication that any of the panels have
ever been removed or that any part of
this car has been repainted further
adding value to a nearly mythical car
it's completely stocked with no
modifications and a very short drive
confirms that this car does run and
drive like brand-new now if you're in
the market for this car I cannot stress
enough the original quality of this car
yes occasionally there are other rx
sevens available with similar miles but
let's compare apples to apples if you
put this car side-by-side with any other
rx-7 it would be nearly impossible to
find one this original and this Kling it
would make a perfect car for a collector
or a great start for someone to build
the rx-7 of their dreams
either way you cannot replicate this car
at any cost and if you just happen to be
the rx-7 s next owner I can personally
guarantee that you will not be
disappointed let's say you wanted a new
one back in the day but either you
didn't have a license like me I didn't
have one a 93 or you know just didn't
have the means this is really about as
close as if an opportunities you'll get
to buy a 100% stock completely clean car
that has been absolutely babied its
whole life every bit of the condition of
this car speaks volumes of the
originality of it but I think you could
rest assured you'd really be buying a
timeless classic check out more
information on this rx-7 on the website
you'll find us online at Midwest auto
collection
come